Hi everyone,

Much, much later than planned but I pushed assignment 3 and
assignment 4 templates to GitHub. I haven't set up the GitHub
classroom and the scoreboards yet. Also, I did not include
baselines for these.

I will set up scoreboards for all assignments today or tomorrow,
and let you know. I will also share my baselines for these two
later. But in case you have time and interest it may also be
interesting if you can go for your own implementations.

I was planning an assignment 5 about language modeling. However,
I had difficulties setting up the testing. To follow the
fair/hidden testing we do for other assignments, we'd need to run
submitted code, which makes things much more complicated - based
on previous experience.

My current inclination is to drop the fifth assignment, and maybe
provide it as the graded project.

Now, probably most important and urgent question: what to do on
Monday?

If you think it is feasible at this point, what I'd suggest is:

- Introduce the assignments & and have a free Q&A session. From
  the coverage so far, people should be able to use RNNs for both
  tasks, but assignment 4 would probably work better in a few
  weeks, when we discuss the encoder-decoder models in more
  detail.

If the above is too short, what I'd be interested in is a short
tutorial on using RNNs (GRU or LSTM) for classification. I'd use
your sentiment analysis tutorial (tutorial 4), but use an RNN
instead of a FFN. One more (before we can do OpenNMT) suggestion
is to use an RNN for sequence labeling. Maybe you could pick up a
simplified version of an NER task (maybe something Mario worked
on before) and we could repeat the same with pretrained
Transformers later.

If the above does not look feasible, we can also cancel the lab
session on Monday. In any case, if you'd like to discuss
anything, I have time between 11:00 and 13:00 on Monday, or just
before the lab session.

Sorry for slow action on these.

Best,
Cagri